Add topology aware read (#3414)
cortexproject/cortex: docs/guides/zone-replication.md

For this reason, Cortex optionally supports zone-aware replication. When zone-aware replication is **enabled**, replicas for the given data are guaranteed to span across different availability zones. This requires Cortex cluster to run at least in a number of zones equal to the configured replication factor.

> Reads from a zone-aware replication enabled Cortex Cluster can withstand zone failures as long as there are more than replication factor / 2 zones available without any failing instances.

Reviewer: > as long as there are more than replication factor / 2 zones available without any failing instances

This is not true. Think about 5 zones and RF=3. You're asserting reads will succeed as far as there are 2 healthy zones, but actually you need 4 healthy zones.

```suggestion
Reads from a zone-aware replication enabled Cortex Cluster can withstand zone failures as long as there are no more than `floor(replication factor / 2)` zones with failing instances.
```

2. Rollout ingesters to apply the configured zone
3. Enable time-series zone-aware replication via the `-distributor.zone-awareness-enabled` CLI flag (or its respective YAML config option). Please be aware this configuration option should be set to distributors, queriers and rulers.

> The `-distributor.shard-by-all-labels` setting has an impact on zone replication. When set to `true` there will be more series stored that will be spread out over more instances. When an instance goes down fewer series will be impacted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `-distributor.shard-by-all-labels` setting has an impact on read availability. When enabled, a metric is sharded across all ingesters and querier needs to fetch series from all ingesters while, when disabled, a metric is sharded only across `<replication factor>` ingesters.

In the event of a large outage impacting ingesters in more than 1 zone, when `-distributor.shard-by-all-labels=true` all queries will fail, while when disabled some queries may still succeed if the ingesters holding the required metric are not impacted by the outage.
```
